[AUDIO LOGO]
>> I'm Robert Grant,
and this is Code-X.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
We started this season
with the knowledge
of the pyramid of perception.
We then realized the
connection to music and scale
and how the pyramids
on the Giza Plateau
were representations,
very specifically,
of musical intervals--
representing, ostensibly,
all of the spectrum
of both light and sound.
This can all be represented
back on the Giza Plateau.
And the throat chakra is
represented as the global throat
chakra embedded underneath
the Great Pyramid for all
of the planet Earth.
As we look at all
of these locations
and the role they
play across the earth,
we can't help but notice the
strategic placements as well of
all the ancient complexes.
The Great Pyramid complex
on the Giza Plateau
represents the belt of
Orion, the star system that
is basically embodied in all of
this work of the hero's journey.
This work is
referred to, in fact,
as the great work
or the magnum opus.
We also can find,
if we link together,
the Chinese pyramids, along
with the pyramids that
are on the Giza
Plateau, and then
link that with what we know
as the Teotihuacan pyramids
in Mexico, just
outside of Mexico City.
This, again, forms an
almost perfect Orion's Belt
constellation relationship.
This hero's journey
is all around us,
inundating and filling
our consciousness
because this is the knowledge
that our soul wants to remember.
As we look at the
Nile Valley as well,
going from the South, which
is referred to as Upper Egypt,
down into Lower Egypt,
where the Nile empties
into the Mediterranean,
we could see
as well that this story of the
Nile expressing as the Kundalini
life force.
This chrism, emptying
into the Nile,
into the deltas and
tributaries that are eventually
culminating in the crown chakra,
actually begins at Abu Simbel.
Abu Simbel, being the root
chakra and each of the temples
that are all dedicated to Osiris
and Isis, his wife and consort,
are all representing
different chakra points
along the Nile River.
Kom Ombo temple-- the
crocodile god, Sobek--
representing the
stored life force
of the dragon in
the sacral chakra,
or also referred to
as the vermilion.
This area is where
the life force
is stored so that
it can ascend back
up into, through the chakras,
all the way through the heart,
through the throat--
one of the great challenges--
and then eventually
into the Cave of Brahma to form
the kalindra crystal of time.
As we look at each
of these locations,
we can even see that on the left
and right sides, or the West
and East sides,
of the Nile River
can even form representations
of the masculine and feminine
aspects of these
chakra center points.
For example, Dendera sits on
the east side of the Nile River,
whereas the Osirion
temple in Abydos
sits exactly on
the same longitude.
And yet, it is positioned
across the Nile
to represent the separation of
the feminine from the masculine,
the Dendera temple to Hathor
and the Osirion temple to Osiris
in Abydos, representing
these two aspects.
And we see this along the Nile.
We also can go beyond
this to Hermopolis,
the ancient location of
this followers of Hermes,
and all the way through
up to the Giza Plateau.
As we go beyond the Giza
Plateau, through the layers
of the Great Pyramid--
which represents, just as the
Nile does, the chakra system--
the Great Pyramid representing
the concept of self-awareness.
Khafre pyramid representing the
concept of self-actualization
but still dependent on time.
And the Menkaure
Pyramid representing
the self-transcendence layer
and the transcendence of time
and entry into the
fifth-dimensional experience
of Christ consciousness.
As we start to
look at and notice
that the pyramid structures
within the Great Pyramid
are representative of
Osiris and Orion himself--
our hero-- the hero traveling
through the reincarnation cycle
in the Duat, the
world of the Duat,
to raise the djed, the
chrism oil, the Christ oil,
to get back into the
crown chakra activation.
This raising of the
djed is a symbology
that includes the Wadjet,
an ancient Egyptian symbol,
as well as the
vertebrae of the spine,
and is often depicted
within the eternal life
symbology of the ankh.
As we ascend through this
magnum opus of experience,
the great work, we will start to
realize new chakras activating
within us as we move
from 7 chakras to 12
and then the realization of the
polarity of the Ida and Pingala.
The Ida is 432, and
the Pingala is 528,
and the representation then
of a 24-chakra matrix within
our body, as well
as our auric field.
The 24 chakras being activated
relate to all the musical notes,
culminating at the very
top in the Cave of Brahma,
with the representation of the
philosopher's stone proportion
that matches that
of the pineal gland,
representing the
masculine principle
and the winged serpent coming
up into the same location
but through the pituitary
gland representing
the divine feminine.
The beauty of this means
that we now transcend.
And as we do so, and as
we realize these chakras
within ourselves,
we will realize them
within the Great Pyramid
structure on its own.
The scan pyramid project
in the Great Pyramid
has been conducted by
the Japanese delegation.
A number of French
researchers and Egyptologists,
as well as the
Egyptian government,
have been working together
with German delegates
and several other researchers
from around the world
and from Scandinavia with
advanced technologies
called muon scan.
And they've been
able to use this type
of ground-penetrating radar to
identify several new structures
within the Great Pyramid.
In fact, during the
last scanning sessions,
they were able to identify over
22 previously unknown structures
within the Great Pyramid.
Is it a coincidence that this
is happening at the same time
as the mass ascension
of humanity that's
also taking place?
I don't believe it is.
Leonardo da Vinci gave us
a map of the Great Pyramid
with the 14 cuts of our
hero, Orion and Osiris,
representing each of the
chambers of the Great Pyramid.
And yet, there are
many other lines
that have not yet represented
for us chamber locations.
The next line that
da Vinci has given us
that would suggest
another chamber
is right at the
throat chakra line.
In March of 2023, the
Egyptian government
made a major announcement of the
discovery of a corridor using
an endoscopic camera to
go through the chevrons
above the original entrance
of the Great Pyramid.
They inched the camera in and
were able to find a 27-foot-long
corridor in the shape
of a diamond pentagon.
Now, that's an interesting
shape because that happened
to match exactly the view with
an endoscope of the throat
cavity right above
the vocal cords--
the diamond-shaped
pentagon-- almost as
if to say, this way to the
throat chakra chamber, the meta
throne, the throne beyond.
And the throat chakra
chamber is a small cubic room
that has, within it, only
one piece of furniture,
and it is a rose granite throne.
As we go up through
the throat chakra,
the next level of
realization then
for us is to go to
the pineal gland,
represented by the
djed satellite pyramid
and the pituitary gland.
And the two combined together
to create the crown chakra
activation.
I had the opportunity
recently to visit
Abu Rawash, 8 kilometers north
and 300 feet higher elevation.
It looks down from that plateau
down to the Giza Plateau.
The corners of the
pyramids of Abu Rawash
are matching perfectly to the
corners of the Great Pyramid,
as well as Khafre and Menkaure.
The correlation of
geometry is perfection.
It represents for us the
activation of the crown chakra.
Carl Jung refers to
enlightenment as individuation,
and he wrote about
it in a book that he
called, interestingly, AION.
In this path of
individuation, it
is not the relinquishing
of our individuality,
but the celebration of
it, that our uniqueness
is our great strength
and our reason for being.
In French, the term "raison
d'être" comes to mind--
the reason for being.
The Abu Rawash Plateau
represents the crown chakra
activation--
the two pyramids there being
the exact representations
of the triangle with
an inscribed square
and an inscribed circle,
and in the third dimension,
the pyramidal shape of
the equilateral triangle
and the pyramidal shape of
the philosopher's stone, djed
satellite pyramid--
the personification
and full achievement
of the raising of the djed,
the achievement of the kalindra
and the transcendence of time.
Judgment is an artifact
and a necessary aspect
of the duality experience
that we all must go through.
And this is personified
again in the mathematics
of the Great Pyramid.
The Great Pyramid has the
proportional reference
that I've already
mentioned, of 2 over 1 pi.
2 is its height, and
1 pi is its base.
This gives us 2 pi over 2
when we take its inverted
relationship, which then can
also be referenced as 1/1
and also be referenced as
the circle that extends from
the base of the Great
Pyramid to its apex,
being the exact same length as
the base of the Great Pyramid.
Now this also can be found
in other Sumerian texts
as one of the keys that we
find throughout history,
another key of Metatron.
In fact, if we look at the
Metatron's cube and the circle
reference that basically build
up Metatron's cube in totality,
we can find exactly
those proportions within
Metatron's cube that derive for
us the circle and the line--
that is, the base--
forming the foundation
of the Great Pyramid,
and is also found in
the symbology of Shamash
holding the rod and the circle.
A symbology that we find
over and over again,
also with the winged disk that
holds the same proportion.
The length of the AE line is
equal to the circumference
of the circle.
This is the ultimate
understanding of divine balance,
allowing the squaring
of the circle,
and is the key that
is fundamental for us
to transcend and go
into the Age of Aquarius
with higher wisdom
and higher knowledge
and with the commitment
to love over judgment.
This hero's journey is depicted
also in the unison note
that then we could
see the circle that
extends from the
base of the pyramid
to the apex of the pyramid,
and the base of the pyramid
being the same length of
that circle's circumference.
When we inscribe within
that circle the square,
that meets at the
apex and at the base
and then at the sides of
the circle that perform
that same aspect relationship.
We'll find the square root of 2,
giving us the diminished fifth
and the augmented fourth.
But also it's giving us the
path of the hero's journey.
We are born into separation.
As we are born
into separation, we
experience what we refer to
as the seven deadly sins.
And then we learn
the seven virtues,
the 14 aspects of duality,
bringing us back to that missing
1/14 at the very end that
represents the ascension
of Orion as a true
constellation,
along with Ophiuchus,
its shadow consciousness.
The challenge of
the hero's journey
is to learn to fully integrate
the shadow of awareness.
Ophiuchus is the serpent
bearer, and Ophiuchus
is depicted in a
painting referred
to as Bacchus by Leonardo
da Vinci, yet again.
This painting is a
subject of great mystery,
for the painting was actually
edited and changed in the 18th
century.
One of the things that was
painted over on this lap
was the look of a leopard skin,
when actually the original very
likely looked more
like a python skin,
a snake on the lap of the
sitting god Dionysus or Bacchus,
the god of wine.
What we also notice is a very
prominent staff next to him,
to his left.
And the staff represents
the rod or staff
of Hermes, the Rod of Asclepius.
This is a prominent symbology
in healing and centers
of healing all
around the world--
that somehow, the snake
intertwined around the staff
or rod is a representation
to our Kundalini life force.
Coming up, the chachuna,
the Ida and Pingala,
sometimes represented
as a single snake
in the Rod of Asclepius
and sometimes represented
as two snakes in the staff
of Hermes, or the Caduceus,
as it's also known.
We see a very light demeanor
on the face of Bacchus.
He doesn't seem to
be stressed at all.
He, in fact, looks
somewhat happy-go-lucky.
But we'll notice that
in the vista behind him,
there seems to be a river.
I believe that
river is the Nile.
And we can find the head of a
crocodile prominently displayed
towards his right.
This large head of crocodile
has a smaller crocodile
in the snout of the
crocodile as well.
And directly behind this
tree that, in its leaves,
the symbol of infinity--
the number 8 on its side.
As we go up the
river further, we
find a symbology of a lion
laying down in the same format
and stance as the Sphinx.
This is supposedly representing
the head of Khafre.
In addition to
this, we see, down
towards the feet of Bacchus,
we can find a scorpion.
This is not something
that is very surprising.
In the range in between
Scorpio and Sagittarius,
we know that the scorpion
sits right directly
at the feet of Ophiuchus,
which is also interesting
because the story of Orion
being stung at the feet
by the scorpion and then
experiencing the ego death
is interesting because
he's completely
on the opposite side of the sky.
Perhaps, it was
the shadow of Orion
that was stung at the feet.
In addition, we'll notice
that Ophiuchus is not
sitting on a chair or a rock.
It seems as though
he's sitting on top
of the back of a demon, which
we could see the face of right
here.
Additionally, we can see the
lines of the scorpion's back.
And right by the tail, we
notice the letters Aleph Tav,
Alpha Tau.
Aleph Tav in Hebrew is
a representation again
of the alpha and the omega.
If we look towards
the right, we'll
notice another demon
standing over the shoulder
of Ophiuchus, Asclepius.
And from there, we can
notice that one of the demons
even has his hand on the
shoulder of Ophiuchus.
Immediately adjacent
to this demon
is appearing to be the
head of an elephant.
Is this a representation
of something
that's calling a reference
to ward the Hierophant
card in Tarot?
The elephant rhyming
with Hierophant.
Further, if we go up directly
above the head of the Ophiuchus,
we see the shape
of Corona Borealis,
another prominent
constellation that
represents the crown in the
form and shape of the beehive.
Further, we also notice,
towards the upper right,
we can see the remains
of the skull of a bull,
seemingly representing the death
of the ego of the opposite sign
of Ophiuchus, which is Orion,
the Taurus, the Apis bull.
Does this represent the death
of the ego of the bull, where
now Orion enters
into a new stage,
no longer desiring to be
the womanizer and hunter?
All of this pointing us to
this notion of the Ophiuchus--
Asclepius, who
brought healing wisdom
by igniting the Kundalini
life force and the feathered
serpents to ascend
up the sushumna
and form the wings of the staff
of Hermes, the angelic form.
The moment that through the
wisdom of Thoth, Asclepius,
Ophiuchus, Orion is ready to
now ascend into his angelic form
in the angel Metatron,
the lesser Yahweh.
[MUSIC PLAYING]